# ML_Agents_Plus

Hosted at: https://zzolikoff1027.github.io/ML_Agents_Plus/

For this production I did some tests in order to demonstrate how intense the neural nets used in this situation are able to be trained. Unfortunatly these neural nets used in the development are not to complex and do not hold up to much scrutiny or obstacles. I began the testing by creating a very simple maze with a positive reward at the end. Unfortunatly the agent never got far into the maze and eventually learned to just not move. After many tests and many generations I realized the agent would never solve the maze despite it being quite simple. Furthermore I thought the agent would potentially be able to find the reward if the test was a little more simple, the next round of testing was having the reward behind one wall. Unfortuanatly this still was far too complicated and the agent never found the reward and after 100 generations it only learned to avoid the wall. My final test was having the wall right next to the reward and suprisingly this still was a difficult task for the agent and if the reward was not level with or slightly infront of the wall the agent would never find the wall as it appeared to almost be afraid of the obstacle that would give it a negative reward. We know its not fear its just trained that it would rather get no reward than a negative reward and the training would need to be more robust and perhaps need to be given a sample solution so it has something to develop on. Overall it was interesting and quite disapointing that the agent could only solve a simple task. If it where to solve greater tasks such as solving a maze it would need a reward every few inches and at that point its just following a path of treats rather than truly solving the reward.
